This disclaimer ("Disclaimer") sets forth the general guidelines, disclosures, and terms of your use of the software ("Software") provided by Republic Node Jersey Limited, a Bailiwick of Jersey company ("Company", "we", "our", "us") under the MIT License. The Software is designed for running blockchain nodes and is made available to you free of charge. By accessing, downloading, or using the Software, you acknowledge that you have read, understood, and agree to be bound by this Disclaimer.

No Warranties

The Software is provided on an "AS IS" and "AS AVAILABLE" basis. The Company expressly disclaims all warranties, whether express, implied, statutory, or otherwise, with respect to the Software, including all implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, title, and non-infringement. Without limitation, we make no warranty or guarantee that the Software will meet your requirements, achieve any intended results, be compatible, or work with any other software, systems, or services, operate without interruption, or be error-free.

Limitation of Liability

To the fullest extent permitted by applicable law, in no event will the Company, its affiliates, directors, employees, agents, suppliers, or licensors be liable for (a) any indirect, incidental, special, consequential, or punitive damages, including but not limited to, loss of profits, data, use, goodwill, or other intangible losses, resulting from your access to or use of or inability to access or use the Software; (b) any conduct or content of any third party on the Software; (c) any content obtained from the Software; and (d) unauthorized access, use, or alteration of your transmissions or content, whether based on warranty, contract, tort (including negligence) or any other legal theory, whether or not we have been informed of the possibility of such damage, and even if a remedy set forth herein is found to have failed its essential purpose.

Indemnification

You agree to defend, indemnify, and hold harmless the Company and its licensee and licensors, and their employees, contractors, agents, officers, and directors, from and against any and all claims, damages, obligations, losses, liabilities, costs or debt, and expenses (including but not limited to attorney's fees), resulting from or arising out of a) your use and access of the Software, or b) a breach of these terms.

Modifications and Amendments

The Company reserves the right, at its sole discretion, to modify or replace this Disclaimer at any time. If a revision is material, we will provide at least 30 days' notice prior to any new terms taking effect. What constitutes a material change will be determined at our sole discretion.
